---
layout: post
title:  "I AM HOME"
date:   2017-03-17
featured_image: i_am_home_sb_qc.png
tags: [life lessons]
---

Ok, now I am going to be very vocal and admit that 2016 kicked my butt. BIG TIME.

+ My previous relationship of 7 years ended in the most soap opera worthy fashion.
+ I made lots of wrong decisions regarding work & finances.
+ I stopped working out. I managed to pick up drinking & smoking again.
+ Lots of my heroes died that year.

It was real bad, and it stayed like that for a while. But then out of the blue, ‘Magic’ happened.

<!--more-->

After a months of ‘Same Shit, Different Day’ moments, the universe began being more generous to me (and all those around me, actually). I then realized that I have finally started to get my life back on track.

+ Out of all the universe has given to me, these were the most noteworthy:
+ I have managed to make new friends while reconnecting and rekindling old friendships/kinship.
+ Driving became a sort of therapy, thereby extending into traveling frequently due to long drives.
+ I have found my way back to music. Finally.

With these in mind, I now proceed to remember the things that I am thankful for…

{% include image_full.html imageurl="/images/posts/i_am_home_sb_qc.png" title="Apple" caption="The Grand Canyon" %}

#### Friends got your back

To all those who were with me at my lowest point: I thank you from the bottom of my heart. From drinking, travelling, and eating with me, to letting me stay at your homes. From just lounging around playing games to the adventures we’ve had on “far away” lands in the wee hours of the morning. All the gigs we attended, all the food and alcohol we consumed, and all the time spent looking at girls stars. It was soooo much fun!

To my family, as usual. They will always be ‘Ohana’.

For letting me be myself, I tip my imaginary hat to you guys/gals.

> “It’s the friends we meet along the way that help us appreciate the journey” -Unknown

#### Driving as a form of healing
I bought a old beat up car that I promptly named ‘Yuri’. My official statement is that the name comes from ‘Lily’ in Japanese, and that’s all that you will be getting from me.

A friend helped me jump start my build. He introduced me to friends who helped me setup my car, whom I could go to places with, and drink beer with.

I got addicted to driving. It calmed me a whole lot. As a matter of fact, it still does. There’s just this magical feeling when I drive my car through the streets late at night. It’s intoxicating.

To the people who helped support me with my new hobby, thank you! Let’s go for a ride again sometime in the near future!


#### Going back to my roots
By September 2016, I finally made the decision to chase after my dreams. I made a commitment to myself (and to the people who believe in me) to get back into music. It was humbling to experience. IMHO, I AM BY NO MEANS A MUSICIAN. For me I am only a music fan who happened to pickup a few skills here and there through experience.

> “Where words fail, music speaks.” — Hans Christian Andersen

Around late 2016, Tito Boy came out of hibernation and messaged me on Facebook. Our conversation topics quickly shifted to music. I found out that we were essentially the same as before, albeit a bit older (and wiser, I hope). After some discussion, we agreed to form a Pop band and quickly went out to find band members who could fit with us as musicians and as people. It was initially a weekend jam band, a place to vent out stress and express our artistry.

We jammed for a few sessions and we quickly realized that we had good chemistry. We suddenly changed our focus to writing our own songs and go for broke. Suddenly, we have 9 songs in the pipeline. How cool is that?

In case you were wondering, we’re aptly named ‘<a href="http://facebook.com/titoscience">Tito Science</a>‘(<a href="http://facebook.com/titoscience">FB</a>, <a href="http://instagram.com/titoscience">IG</a>).

{% include image_full.html imageurl="/images/posts/i_am_home_sb_qc.png" title="Apple" caption="The Grand Canyon" %}

It was scary, starting out again. I am far from what I used to be. I got older. Whatever I had back then, I’m not sure if I still have now. But then again, being around people who are as passionate about the same things as you and whom you can look up to, drove me forward. I’m here doing things I never knew I could. I’m glad I have awesome titos as band mates.

#### So? What happens now?

I don’t know what will happen in the future. I know now that things will be different in the future. That is the reality that we all have to face.

{% include image_full.html imageurl="/images/posts/i_am_home_sb_qc.png" title="Apple" caption="The Grand Canyon" %}

Sometimes, it still scares the shit out of me. But then I remember: ‘who the fuck ever knows what’s going to happen next’? We’re all in the same boat! I’ve long since learned to live in the moment. To be thankful for the things that I have.

Because of that, **I CAN FINALLY SAY I AM HAPPY**.

**I AM HOME**.